I get some good ideas about how to work faster and better from this book 
I have learned a lot from this book.
Babies are born with a lot of potential, and it is up to us to help them realize it.
A true relationship is with someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.
Anyone can make you smile. Many people can make you cry. But it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
I can’t promise to fix all your problems, but I can promise you won’t have to face them all alone.
I don’t need someone who is perfect. I need someone who loves me, respects me, cares for me and understands me.
I love you for all that you are, all that you have been, and all you’re yet to be.
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
If I could give you one thing in life, I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes, only then would you realize how special you are to me.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put Y and I together.
If someone truly loves you, they won’t tell you love stories, they will make a love story with you.
If I had got enough money yesterday, I have bought that bike.
A true relationship is with someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.

I like reading
This is the whole point of technology. It creates an appetite for immortality on the one hand. It threatens universal extinction on the other. Technology is lust removed from nature.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
